Gu Jingchi
The wedding to his fiancée Cheyenne will take place tomorrow
It is reported that
Lu Jiazhuju Company created this luxury wedding
It can be seen that the Lu family is somewhat satisfied with Cheyenne
You don't remember him?
I don't remember.
But
I don't know why.
I am
I feel very uncomfortable
Okay, okay.
If you can't remember it, don't think about it.
My machine is here
Am I sick?
Memory degeneration is particularly severe
Do you still remember me?
You are Siyang
Just remember me
Come on.
The groom
Are you willing to marry the person opposite you?
Miss as wife
No matter whether he is rich or poor
Are willing to love her and protect her forever
Loyal to her
Yes!
Master, I was wrong
I'll say whatever you want.
Master, do you see your wife deeply?
What was left of the lady back then was actually a baby girl
In order to have a man inherit the shares of the Lu family
The lady ordered me to steal a baby boy
Come back and exchange baby girls
How can it be so easy to find?
How can this man be so easy to find?
I finally found a similar family
Our two children are broken
Go on.
That couple again this year, they know
They have to go to work
Come to come